Feature/dev docs (#544)
glotzerlab/freud: doc/source/reference/development.rst

.. _development:

=================
Development Guide
=================

Contributions to **freud** are highly encouraged.

> The pages below offer information about how the project is structured **freud**'s goals and how to contribute new modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pages below offer information about how the project is structured, the goals of the **freud** library, and how to contribute new modules.
```
